# Example Cytokine Profiling Data 4.

Contains observed concentrations of cytokines and their respective
treatment and groups, derived from:

## Usage

``` r
ExampleData4
```

## Format

A data frame with 64 rows and 14 columns:

- Group:

  Group assigned to the subjects.

- Treatment:

  Treatment received by subjects.

- IL.17F:

  Observed concentration of IL.17F cytokine.

- GM.CSF:

  Observed concentration of GM.CSF cytokine.

- IFNg:

  Observed concentration of IFNg cytokine.

- IL.10:

  Observed concentration of IL.10 cytokine.

- CCL.20:

  Observed concentration of CCL.20 cytokine.

- IL.12:

  Observed concentration of IL.12 cytokine.

- IL.13:

  Observed concentration of IL.13 cytokine.

- IL.17A:

  Observed concentration of IL.17A cytokine.

- IL.22:

  Observed concentration of IL.22 cytokine.

- IL.9:

  Observed concentration of IL.9 cytokine.

- IL.2:

  Observed concentration of IL.2 cytokine.

- IL.21:

  Observed concentration of IL.21 cytokine.

- IL.4:

  Observed concentration of IL.4 cytokine.

- IL.23:

  Observed concentration of IL.23 cytokine.

- IL.5:

  Observed concentration of IL.5 cytokine.

- IL.6:

  Observed concentration of IL.6 cytokine.

- TNFa:

  Observed concentration of TNFa cytokine.

- TNFb:

  Observed concentration of TNFb cytokine.

## Source

Example data compiled for cytokine profiling.

## References

SantaCruz-Calvo, S., Saraswat, S., Kalantar, G. H., Zukowski, E.,
Marszalkowski, H., Javidan, A., Gholamrezaeinejad, F., Bharath, L. P.,
Kern, P. A., Zhang, X. D., & Nikolajczyk, B. S. (2024). A unique
inflammaging profile generated by T cells from people with obesity is
metformin resistant. *GeroScience*, 10.1007/s11357-024-01441-4. Advance
online publication. https://doi.org/10.1007/s11357-024-01441-4

## Examples

``` r
data(ExampleData4)
```
